This directory contains version 0.2 of Ambulant, a playback engine for
SMIL documents. The ambulant homepage is at <http://www.ambulantplayer.org>.

At the moment ambulant only supports playing back a tiny subset of SMIL,
more-or-less the subset as specified by the 3GPP MMS 2.0 specs. Also,
only local media files are supported, no networking yet.

Ambulant consists of a core library implementing the engine, a number of
GUI-toolkit specific libraries implementing renderers and a number of
player applications. Currently we have support for Qt (on Linux), Cocoa
(on MacOSX) and DirectX (on Windows). On MacOSX and Windows there is
limited support for playback of audio, on Linux there is none.

Documentation is sparse, see Documentation/Design for some design
documentation and an overview of the source tree.

If you are working from the CVS repository, on Linux/Unix follow the
detailed instructions in README-CVS. We need a patched version of expat,
follow the instructions to install this in
third_party_packages/readme.txt (if you want to try building with
standard expat installed on your system use "configure
--with-expat=/usr", but this will not work for expat versions older
than 1.95.7).

If you are working from a source distribution on Linux/Unix a simple
"./configure ; make" should work.

After building you will find a text-only demo player in
Test/designtests/demoplayer. There is a sample document too, in
Test/designtests/mmsdoc/mmsdoc.smil.
A more expanded demo can be found in:
Extras/DemoPresentation/Demo.smil

A GUI based on QT capable of showing images and text can be found in
src/player-unix/qt_player. It is able to play the sample documents
mentioned above (first select the .smil document with "File->Open", then
select "Play").

For MacOS, there is a Cocoa player which does not get built with the
standard "make", you need to build it manually with XCode.
src/player_macosx/cocoambulant.pbproj is the project to use. It also
plays audio.

For Windows, see the instructions in bin/win32.
