.\" Process this file with 
.\" groff -man -Tascii ambulantplayer.1
.\"
.TH AMBULANTPLAYER 1 "JANUARY 2013" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
AmbulantPlayer \- A fast and complete SMIL 3.0 media player
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B AmbulantPlayer [
.I smil-file | url
.B ]
.P
.B AmbulantPlayer_gtk [
.I smil-file | url
.B ]
.P
.B AmbulantPlayer_qt [
.I smil-file | url
.B ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B AmbulantPlayer
is the command-line interface to play back SMIL 3.0 media presentations.
On Linux, it is available with either a Qt or Gtk-based user interface.
When started with a SMIL file or URL as parameter the player will start playback
of the given document, otherwise only the user interface is opened.
.P
The AMBULANT Open SMIL Player is an open-source, full SMIL 3.0 media
player. It is intended for researchers and developers who want an
source-code player upon which they can build higher-level systems
solutions for authoring and content integration, or within which they
can add new or extended support for networking and media transport
components. The AMBULANT player may also be used as a complete,
multi-platform media player for applications that do not need support
for closed, proprietary media formats.
.P
For use of Ambulant as plugin in a web browser, or embedding or extending
Ambulant in Python or C/C++ please see the website for the full documentation.
.SH FILES
.I ~/.ambulant/preferences
.RS
Per user configuration file
.SH BUGS
See http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=91457&atid=597222.
.SH SEE ALSO
www.ambulantplayer.org
.br

